hey guys it's me again and for the first
time in a while I'm doing a comic book
review today and so I will be doing punk
rock Jesus number one through number six
which is the complete series so punk
rock Jesus is both written and drawn by
Shawn Murphy and it's about this
organization who works in television and
they decide to make a new reality show
called the j2 project and what that is
is that they have made a clone of Jesus
Christ and they are pretty much
documenting the entire thing from
conception to however long he lives as a
television show
so the creator of the television show
has supposedly found the DNA of Jesus
Christ and he gets a virgin girl and
impregnates her so she's still a virgin
but has children and they just document
the entire thing they live on an island
it's very secluded and they're pretty
much trying to see if this is the second
coming of Jesus and if he performs
miracles or if this is just a huge
display in order to get readings on
television just based on the title of
the book you can tell that that doesn't
quite work in the television shows favor
because he doesn't act Christian at all
that's why he's more punk rock and
that's clearly why the comic is called
punk rock Jesus and not like oh my god
it's the holiday Jesus Christ just cast
this is one of the very few series that
I was really really stoked about every
time it came out I mean I'm always
really excited to go to the comic book
store every Wednesday to pick up new
titles but every time I was done with
this one I would have to check when the
next release is because it was such a
good series the writing is really well
done and the art style is very sketchy
but really interesting the only problem
I had with it was that it's black and
white which I always seem to forget
every time I open the comic whoa so
while I really like the sketchiness of
it I think it really adds to the tone of
the whole series I really would have
liked to see more of it in color because
Chris the main character Chris like
Christ
Chris just seems like a very vibrant
person especially when he grows up and
you start seeing him and his all this
punky er and he joined a band called
black jackets and they just seem like
really colorful people I just would have
really liked to seen more of that with
the exception of the cover pages this
series has a really really unique
premise to it which I think is one of
the reasons I liked it and I will warn
you it's not for people who are
obviously more religious or at least
can't handle their religion being
questioned for example there's a part
where Chris is like Jesus Christ says
you and if you're offended by such
things you should definitely not pick up
this comic so while I thought the series
was wonderfully original and had some
great storytelling and characters there
obviously going to be some cons the
first problem I had with it was the
ending and I don't know if because the
rest of series was just so good and
maybe the ending I thought in my mind
was gonna be a lot better but I feel
like it was just kind of disappointing
and fell flat compared to the rest of
the series the ending almost felt like
they didn't know what else to do and
since it was the last issue they had to
end it so they were just like alright
this is the ending and we're just gonna
call it a day and then they do kind of
like an epilogue thing for the second
half of the issue and it just seemed
really thrown together really rushed and
not very satisfying the other problem I
had with the series and it kind of goes
into it being kind of rushed at the end
was that I felt there were some loose
ends that weren't tied for example there
were a couple parts in the series where
we see angels and nothing was ever
really said or explained about him so it
was like did that actually happen are
these people crazy
what was the point of bringing them in
when they really didn't add much to the
story I feel I also feel that the series
could have been longer not even like one
or two issues longer but I feel like it
could have been a full-on series
I think the care
ders could have been flushed out a bit
more especially like relationships
between Chris and his mom and even his
mom and Thomas who is her and Chris's
bodyguard but there were some really
good relationships and I felt like they
were just kind of fell flat at the end
just keeps going back to the end I was
just so disappointed with the ending
because I was seriously looking forward
to this for so long I just had such high
expectations because it was such a good
series and then that was it and I didn't
feel anything at the end other than
disappointment but I really don't want
to discourage people from checking out
the series just because the ending
because it's still five amazing books
with one not-so-great ending but it's
still five out of six that's really
really good and I just really love the
premise like I said before so if you
guys want to talk about something
completely different you should
definitely check out punk-rock Jesus
they said it's way different than most
things on the market right now and it's
just a fun series if you're very
religious like I said earlier don't
bother
you'll probably be offended within like
the first five pages but it's really
good it's really different and I really
recommend it so that's all I have for
you guys today if you read the series
let me know what you think below in the
comments um and if you do end up reading
the series come back and watch this
again leave a comment or something cuz I
always do enjoy talking to people about
other comics and seeing the differences
of opinions so yeah
make sure to they can subscribe because
that's always really cool and I hope you
guys are doing well and I will talk to
you later bye so the question is who
wants to cosplay the flak jackets with
me